+++
title = "Multi-objective volleyball premier league algorithm"
date = "2020-01-01"
authors = ["R. Moghdani", "K. Salimifard", "E. Demir", "A. Benyettou"]
publication_types = ["2"]
publication = "Knowledge-Based Systems, (196)"
publication_short = "Knowledge-Based Systems, (196) "
doi="https://doi.org/10.1016/j.knosys.2020.105781"
abstract = "This paper proposes a novel optimization algorithm called the Multi-Objective Volleyball Premier League (MOVPL) algorithm for solving global optimization problems with multiple objective functions. The algorithm is inspired by the teams competing in a volleyball premier league. The strong point of this study lies in extending the multi-objective version of the Volleyball Premier League algorithm (VPL), which is recently used in such scientific researches, with incorporating the well-known approaches including archive set and leader selection strategy to obtain optimal solutions for a given problem with multiple contradicted objectives. To analyze the performance of the algorithm, ten multi-objective benchmark problems with complex objectives are solved and compared with two well-known multi-objective algorithms, namely Multi-Objective Particle Swarm Optimization (MOPSO) and Multi-Objective Evolutionary Algorithm Based on Decomposition (MOEA/D). Computational experiments highlight that the MOVPL outperforms the two state-of-the-art algorithms on multi-objective benchmark problems. In addition, the MOVPL algorithm has provided promising results on well-known engineering design optimization problems."
abstract_short = ""
image_preview = ""
selected = false
projects = []
tags = []
url_pdf = "https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S0950705120301787"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""
math = true
highlight = true
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""
+++
